Problem 1:

Eight queens on a chess board need to be placed so that none of them can capture another in one turn.  Therefore, only one queen is allowed per row, column, or diagonal.
Beam Search tries to find the quickest solution, by considering a number of viable future states and returning the first acceptable one reached.
Hill Climbing focuses only on the moves that lead to the best future state, and returns the following successful state once it is reached.

Assume that the eight queens start lined up at the top row.  The queens share the first row, but they are all already in seperate diagonals and columns.

A hill-climbing AI will move one of the queens at least two squares down.  The AI will not move one square down, because then the queen will be in another's diagonal.  The AI will not move the queen into another column, because then the queen will occupy the column of another queen.  Queens will continue to move in their column, avoiding shared rows and diagonals, until an acceptable state is reached, even if this is not the fastest way.

A beam-searching AI will consider all of the possible moves that it can do with the queens (aside from captures) and the states that will result from them.  From there, it will go to each resulting state and choose the best 2 states. Then, make all possible new moves for them, and select the next best 2.  This will grow the tree of possible states.  This tree will keep growing this way until an acceptable solution is reached.  The result will always be a list of moves that will require nor more turns that the hill climb.

If the AI favors moving the leftmost pieces first and moving as few spaces as needed, then the result of hill climbing will always have the leftmost queen two spaces down from where it started.

Problem 2:

Example annealing schedule:

def annealing_schedule(self, t):
	divisor = 1.0
	for queen in self.list_of_queens:
		if not self.shares_a_row(queen):
			divisor += 3.0
		if not self.shares_a_column(queen):
			divisor += 3.0
		if not self.shares_a_diagonal(queen):
			divisor += 1.0
	new_temp = t / divisor
	return new_temp

Assume the eight queens are in the following positions:
d8, f8, g8, a5, b3, c1, e1, and h4.  Currently, three queens share row 8 and two queens share row 1, with everything else acceptable.  If this annealing schedule is run, the queens will gravitate towards forming a diagonal from one corner of the board to another.  This is because, in this schedule, being in a seperate diagonal does not lower T enough, whereas it does for being in a seperate row or column.  Since now none of the queens are in an proper position, the newer state is less fit.